# Project Euler 002 - Even Fibonacci Numbers

Each new term in the Fibonacci Sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms.  By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:

    1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci Sequence whose values do not exceed a certain value (e.g. 4 million), find the sum of the even-valued terms.

The aim is to implement this using HTML Forms and JavaScript.

Information is at [Project Euler 002](https://projecteuler.net/problem=2)

## UX

**Getting Started**

Enter a whole number between 0 and 5000000 and click on the Submit Button.  You will see the number that you have entered as well as the sum of Even Fibonacci Numbers up to and including the number, unless you have made an invalid input.  Click on the Reset Button to clear the information or to start again.

**User Stories**

As a user, I expect to get an error message, if I do any of:

    - Not enter a value in the input field
    - Entering text that is not a number (e.g. bus)
    - Entering a number, but it is not an integer
    - Entering a number less than 0 or greater than 5000000 (5 million)

As a user, I expect `fiboEvenSum(10)` to return a number.

As a user, I expect `fiboEvenSum(8)` to return 10.

As a user, I expect `fiboEvenSum(34)` to return 44.

As a user, I expect `fiboEvenSum(60)` to return 44.

As a user, I expect `fiboEvenSum(1000)` to return 798.

As a user, I expect `fiboEvenSum(100000)` to return 60696.

As a user, I expect `fiboEvenSum(4000000)` to return 4613732.

**Information Architecture**

The function `fiboEvenSum(n)` returns a number (integer), where `n` is a number between 0 and 5000000.

## Features

Allows the user to enter a number as well as seeing the sum of the even Fibonacci Numbers up to and including that number.  For example, if the number was 34, the sum of the even Fibonacci Numbers is 44 (because of 2, 8 and 34).  Performs checks on valid user input.  If the input is not valid, an error message is displayed.

## Technologies

Uses HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap 5.1.3 and Google Fonts.

## Testing

Ensure all user stories have been met.

## Deployment

Deployed on [GitHub Pages](https://derektypist.github.io/project-euler-002) at the main branch.

## Credits

### Content

Written by me.

### Acknowledgements

- [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net)
- [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org)
